Add `Omit<T,K>` which was introduced in TypeScript 3.5 (#1065)
microsoft/TypeScript-Handbook: pages/Utility Types.md

};
```

# `Omit<T,K>`

> Constructs a type by picking all properties but `K` from `T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constructs a type by picking all properties from `T` and then removing `K`.
```

Mainly so that the order of `T` and `K` are the same, I had to re-read twice to get it with them opposite

Author: I agree with you, thanks for the feedback!

Author: I agree with you, thanks for the feedback! Have amended this to the commit.
